fix(console): add mentions how to regain access MTA-1937 (#574)
scaleway/docs-content: faq/general.mdx

If you have lost the password associated with your Scaleway account, you will be able to retrieve access to your account by using the “Lost Password” button on the Scaleway console.
However, if you need to reset your password, but you have difficulties accessing your email account, you will not be able to use this function. In this case, follow the authentication procedure described in our [documentation](/console/my-account/how-to/recover-a-lost-password/). The process is the same if you have activated 2FA but [lose your 2FA device and backup codes](/console/my-account/how-to/use-2fa#if-you-lose-your-2fa-device-and-your-backup-codes).

## I cannot log in to the console and I cannot reset my password. How can I contact the support and regain access to my account?

> If you have lost access to the Scaleway console and cannot reset your password, you must contact our support team via e-mail and provide  the information listed [on this page](/console/my-account/how-to/use-2fa/#how-to-regain-access-to-your-account) to regain access.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you have lost access to the Scaleway console and cannot reset your password, you must follow the procedure described [on this page](/console/my-account/how-to/use-2fa/#how-to-regain-access-to-your-account) to regain access to your account.
```
